hey it's clay welcome to another league
of legends video this is a highlight
clip that I wanted to share with you
guys from a ranked match that I just
played this is actually my first ranked
match of the pre season or post regular
season I don't exactly know where we are
but I this is the first day that ranked
servers have been back up as since they
kind of shut them down and officially
began the preseason and ended the
regular season so but anyways let's go
ahead and roll the clip and then we will
kind of analyze it break it down see
what was all going ok so I remember at
this moment you can see we see zaira
here but we've got a bunch of my team
chasing up here but I actually didn't
want to run into here because I saw
Jarvan I see zaira I didn't want to get
locked in there crowd control it looks
like they're chasing after a Lucian and
knit alee so now I decide to kind of
follow up on this fight I've got a whole
bunch of people here and let's go ahead
and turn on the action garen goes in
throw down my e throw down my W now just
auto attacking Jarvan get knocked up
unfortunately going to throw down my w's
kind of make sure i'm in the back
throwing out my q getting a couple of
nice long range auto attacks in make
sure these guys don't get away so going
to go ahead and flash on to them there
is the quad there you are Lucian come
here buddy I know you're around here
somewhere do I have my e off of cool
down it looks like i do i want to go ham
on this guy and he says hey let's battle
even though we're under tower i'm
blocking off his escape route I get an
ice shield from Jana and there's the
pentakill so let's go and watch this one
more time and kind of figure out what
we're right went wrong how I could have
even done this better jinx is so so good
in fights like this with these kind of
extended let's go ahead and slow it down
okay so therein lay the W on Jarvan that
was a nice little reveal Jarvan sides
going nice knock up by Jana Jana tornado
throw it on my e which locks down a
whole bunch of them there so Jarvan gets
the initial brunt of my focus and you
can see let's go ahead and actually
backs up just one quick moment I want to
show you guys what was really really
nice about this so let's go ahead and
pause it right here so this right here
is like perfect perfect time to be an ad
carry because if you look I am over here
I've got my whole team in front of me
and there's only one person that I'm
scared of and that's fizz this is really
the only one who can come in and knock
me out but he's got to get through all
of this stuff in order to get to me
we've got this big wall right here for
protection and I've got a nice juicy
tank to auto-attack here right in the
front so very very nice timing to be an
ad carry I probably could have stepped
back a little bit and stayed away from
that but this is really nice time for me
to be using my rocket launcher there I
switched the rocket launcher get a nice
cup of auto Texas another rocket
launcher auto attack now switching into
my minigun probably could still be in
rocket launcher gonna flash in there get
the kill on to fizz and when Italy it
looks like she healed herself I thought
that would end elite actually pick up
the kill but it did not and there is the
quad if I had my flash I would go over
the wall there but I at last I do not i
missed the W probably should have just
kept running but there it looks like
Lucien swift on my W but throw down a
nice set of trap so we cannot get away
looks like Lucien wants to duel that's
not going to go very well for am so a
pretty cool stuff I I actually think I
could have done this better so so
mistake so so I guess the first thing
that I did was position myself very very
well I'm way in the back of this
teamfight get a nice reveal on Jarvan
now at this point I want to be in using
my rocket launcher so there's a really
nice eice at my e right on this choke
point I want to be using my rocket
launcher and stay out of this knock up I
should have just taken one step back I
could have still auto-attack Jarvan now
you need to be using my rocket launcher
if there's the W actually the W whiffed
rocket launcher there's the rocket
launcher more rocket launcher very very
nice job Nautilus you're tanking like a
bro right now good heel by Jana to keep
me alive good shield right there good
flash if I was rocket launcher they
probably would have gotten them both
with one auto attack and then we will
look for so overall that was just a
really really good position to be an ad
carry I had a nice I had my team in
front of me I had a choke point ahead of
me and I had a nice barrier between me
and the assassin to set me up for the
pentakill
butthead overall a very fun game as
jinkx and I would say that if you're
looking if you've never got a pentacle
before jinkx is definitely a strong
character get one with because if you
can see after i get one kill it's very
easy to trace down the rest one kill can
very easily lead to another so anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed this video a nice
little pentakill action from a ranked
game that I want to share with you guys
kind of a crazy fight but just goes to
show you how important positioning is
and i'll see you again soon bye